---
template: about-page
slug: /about
title: About Foundation
---
Ganga & Krishnamurthy Temple is being founded by me to honor my charitable paternal Grandmother Gangamma and also my Great Grandfather who treated her well. I am commencing with one idol of Naga. The Naga idol will be consecrated to enable women to request God that they get their family property and do charity. In the case of forebears’ property, that they be able to get the property, do charity and fulfill the wishes of the deceased. 

Later we shall obtain idols of Ganesha, Durgi, Lakshmi, Subrahmanya etc. of whom women and men may make requests. We shall also obtain an idol of Krishna. As of today we are expecting our temple to be a mobile temple. We shall bring the idol to places such as homes or other places where devotees request a service to be performed. The service will also be available virtually. Ganga and Krishnamurthy Temple is named after my paternal Grandmother Gangamma and her Father Krishnamurthy. She was named after the Water Goddess Ganga. Grandmother Gangamma was a very intelligent, loving, non-discriminating and charitable woman. Gangamma's father, Advocate Krishnamurthy, walking 2222 miles, made a pilgrimage from the village Kadaba, Karnataka state, Bharatha, to the city of Kaashi on the bank of the holy river Ganga at the confluence of three rivers. Upon his return, his second child was born. He named the baby 'Ganga'.

Influenza epidemics usually have a greater adverse effect on children and seniors than on others. The Influenza Pandemic of 1918 took the lives of healthy young adults. In that pandemic, Gangamma's husband, Venkanniah, a great Samskritha Scholar and her charitable father in law, Narayanappa, the head of a wealthy joint family, passed away fifteen days apart. Her unjust brothers-in-law, discriminating against her as a woman, greedily grabbed her rightful share of the property depriving her of a livelihood. Her two children were my father, three-year-old \[Venkata] Ramiah, and his younger sister. By then, Gangamma's kindly father, Krishnamurthy, an advocate, had passed away.

More than a whole century later there has been no self-improvement in most Indian men regarding their attitude towards women. Most Indian men and women still believe in male superiority.